Hometown
And Mr. Mo
I'm so sorry.
I was also deceived by this old guy
Plus my unsatisfactory son
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
President Liu
You can solve the problem with a word of forgiveness, right?
Although my master is easy to talk to
But don't forget about me.
I didn't say I'm easy to talk to
Such a fool
I have to kill him today
Mr. Qinghe is right
You just ask.
As long as Liu can do it, he will be satisfied
Jianghuai
President Liu didn't do it on purpose
How could you get him to 5 million?
Hey
You also asked President Liu to give me half of the collection
This is not good
Too expensive
Mr. Book
5 million delivered immediately
As long as you like my stuff
It's the privilege of avoiding people
Ah, what are you doing? You apologize for your visa.
Kneel down, nephew Qian
Now you know I'm good
I'm sorry, okay?
Now that this is the case
Then I'll pretend it didn't happen.
You must send this old house to me.
I promised Master Wu
Sir, don't worry.
Give it to me
Let's go
handshake
I know all about you
Let me ask you something.
Do you want revenge?
I won't let you go, guy.
Now you listen
I happen to have something for you to do right now.
Escape from my life
Revenge you just commit crimes